Hyperledger Fabric
It is a framework for Blockchain. 
Hyperledger Fabric is a permissioned blockchain infrastructure, originally contributed by IBM and Digital Asset, providing a modular architecture with a delineation of roles between the nodes in the infrastructure, execution of Smart Contracts (called “chaincode” in Fabric) and configurable consensus and membership services. A Fabric Network comprises “Peer nodes”, which execute chaincode, access ledger data, endorse transactions and interface with applications. “Orderer nodes” which ensure the consistency of the blockchain and deliver the endorsed transactions to the peers of the network, and Membership Service Providers (MSPs), generally implemented as a Certificate Authority, managing X.509 certificates which are used to authenticate member identity and roles.

Fabric is primarily aimed at integration projects, in which a Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) is required, offering no user facing services other than an SDK for Node.js, Java and Go.

Etherum allows you to create decentralized internet and for this you create 
decentralized applications. It is a public blockchain that is it is visible to everyone that is transparent. Any new node can join the network by just downloading the software and connecting with the entire ledger. 
 But whenever you add new node, there is a chance of that being malicious and this is why we have Consensus algorithms, they are Proof of work and Proof of Stake for the etherum but the problem still exist that it is public blockchain and whatever you do is publically accissble to the nodes of that ledger or network. But when we talk about the enterprises they want to have their own solutions built on Blockchain but they have two issues, they don't want to spend a lot of money in the minig process and they don't want their data to be shared with everyone. For example there are two competetive companies and they have their own escapes, ideas and strategies and they don't want to share with each other. So say we have 5 nodes in a network and these 5 nodes are connected to one network. These nodes will have the same ledger. and everytime you do transaction between node A and node B and this will be saved in the ledger and all other nodes will be able to see it. So say A and D are competetors and whatever happens between A and B, it is visible to D and that is the problem. So in this case we can have a subnet betweemn A and B say C2. So we have a common network for A, B, C, D and E and a seperate network for A and B. This feature is not available in etherum and that is why needed a new blockchain framework. Second we needed a private blockchain. And the solution to this is Hyperledger project which provides when ledger as fabric. So fabric is a private blockchain and it has the feature of creating subnets and we call them as channels. 

 So what if someone wants to be part of this network? To become part of this network you have to enroll  or register through MSP. MSP stands for membership service provider. To make data changes in ledger we neet to write contracts i.e., Smart Contracts. Using such Smart Contracts applications can make request to transfer an asset from A to B. We can write these smart contracts useing Chaincode. Code that runs on Chain and that is done in javaScript, Java and Go and fabric is built on Go. 

 Ledger is a database that holds your data. And it is divided into two parts:
 World State->  Current owner of the asset.
 Transcation Log-> It holds where do we got this asset. we got it from A, and A got from X and so on.
 Here we use to store World State in couch DB or level DB. and Transaction Log in simple file.
